Then to remove the offset, I have the integral action.
The whole idea of this integral action is to remove the offset.
And to make sure that the stability point is reached earlier, the level doesn't fluctuate
too much, I have the derivative action also.
So then when I have a PID controller, this valve is, opening of the valve is the resultant
of all these three actions put together.
So that is how the controls are happening in a PID controller.
The processing of these controls can be pneumatic, electronic, digital.
And generally they can be used for anything like controlling the level, controlling the
pressure, controlling the temperature, controlling the speed.
So the topic is much more than what we are described here.
I recommend you to please go to the link provided in the description section to see our dear VR
Venkateson's full video on this topic which will be very elaborate with great examples.